reading people like an open library book
always having it your way or just making
your life a bit easier
you don't need superpowers for any of
this you just need to know a little
about the mind
if you want to use psychology to your
advantage i've got you covered
if someone's trying to manipulate you
look at their forehead just above the
eyes to avoid their influence
if someone is talking to you and keeps
closing their eyes for a bit longer than
usual it means they're tired of the
conversation
and want you to go when someone props
their chin
on the back of their hands it's the
perfect time to compliment them
because they're presenting their faith
to you through this gesture use your
non-dominant hand during daily
activities
like brushing teeth or eating to boost
your brain activity
putting a picture of some eyes on the
wall in a public place
makes people more willing to follow the
rules
clinching your fists for 90 seconds can
help you recall information better
if you see someone rubbing their chin
pause the conversation
they're in deep thought trying to make a
decision so they won't pay much
attention to your words
when you sit with someone at a table and
they lean forward
it's a sure sign that they like you or
are very interested in what you're
saying
leaning back means the opposite
nod slightly while asking a question to
get a positive response you need
to end an unpleasant conversation look
your opponent in one eye
then in the other and then at their
forehead
if you feel like an argument's about to
break out start eating something
it'll diffuse the tense atmosphere since
your brain associates food with
stability
and peace if you can't get a particular
song out of your mind
solve some suduko puzzles when meeting
someone new
take a moment to memorize their eye
color this will help you maintain
eye contact for the optimal period
to impress in a new relationship choose
an exciting activity for a first date
that will give you both an adrenaline
rush
if a person sitting next to you fidgets
with their hands on their knees
it means they want to end the
conversation
when in a crowd look only at where
you're headed
and people will make an effort to move
out of your way
shakira sings hips don't lie apparently
neither do feet
if the tips of someone's shoes are
pointed at you that person probably
likes you
so shake your hips just kidding
if you organize a meeting schedule it at
an odd time
like 3 17 p.m people probably won't be
late
the smell of lemons can boost your
concentration if you work on a computer
a lot
keep a lemon-scented oil or air
freshener on your desk
to show someone that you're a good
listener simply paraphrase their
statements
but don't do it all the time to beat jet
lag after a long haul flight
set your watch to your destination's
time zone right after boarding the plane
if you want to win someone's trust try
to copy their gestures
posture or facial expressions when
people
laugh all together in a group they
usually turn to face the person they
like most
try to be either the first or the last
candidate during a job interview
to create a memorable impression
if you feel stressed or anxious choose
something
chewing will signal to your brain that
it's safe to relax
doodling helps you memorize the
information you hear better
to make your friend carry your stuff
just hand it to them while talking about
something that
interests them a lot yawn if you think
someone's watching you
that person will most likely yawn too
[Music]
if you want someone to see you as
trustworthy share a small
secret with them and don't steal their
wallet
to learn new information or a skill more
effectively
explain it to another person
decorate your workplace with red and
blue objects
red makes you more attentive and blue
stimulates your imagination
to make a positive impression when
meeting someone new
make sure your hand is warm before
giving them a handshake
when someone rocks back and forth from
heels to toes
it means they're feeling anxious or
uncertain
if someone gives you a glove handshake
wrapping their free hand around your
wrist
they want you to trust them keep asking
people questions about themselves to be
more likable
everybody loves talking about their life
if someone casually touches your elbow
or forearm during a handshake
they're probably lonely and in need of
communication
avoid pressing your lips together during
a conversation it can give the
impression
that you're hiding something to stay
focused when you're working give
yourself instructions out loud before
you start
when someone sits on a chair backwards
with their legs to either side
they want to show you who the boss is
if a person plays with their shoes they
want to attract attention in a subtle
way
picking imaginary hair from clothes
tells you that a person doesn't agree
with your opinion
but doesn't want to say so just like you
prepare for a speech before a
presentation
think about the hand gestures you're
going to use during it
they'll help you keep the audience's
attention
make a video of yourself rehearsing a
speech this will help you notice small
details you're unaware of
like nervous fidgeting or a slouchy
posture
if you have to finish an important piece
of work the next day
think about it before falling asleep
while you're dreaming
your brain will find ways to complete it
keep your palms open when you talk to
show everyone
you're being genuine don't keep your
hands in your pockets during a meeting
others might think you're hiding
something
keeping objects like a coffee cup close
to your face
reveals your insecurity and discomfort
try to avoid looking at your watch
during a conversation
this makes others feel like they're
wasting your time
playing with your hair not only shows
your nervousness but it's also a big
distraction for the person you're
talking to
if you feel guilty about something
washing your hands or taking a shower
will help you shake off the unpleasant
feeling
if you want to be seen as someone who's
in control
hold your fingertips together while
keeping your palms apart
don't pull on your ear during an
argument otherwise your opponent will
know you're uncertain about your own
opinion
standing with your hands clasp behind
your back will probably make others feel
apprehensive about you
if a person touches the bridge of their
nose while listening to your idea
you need to find new reasons why it's so
great because
it means they have doubts about it
to avoid an argument with someone sit
next to them
instead of taking the opposite seat keep
talking without raising your voice or
changing its tone when someone tries to
loudly talk over you
they'll probably feel awkward and back
down
[Music]
give a person three options saving the
one you want them to choose until last
they're likely to pick the last option
because it's the freshest in their mind
if you want someone to feel
uncomfortable because of some
insensitive remark they made
look at the middle of their forehead or
just spit
just kidding if a person stands with
their hands
clenched together in front of their body
they probably feel
insecure biting the tip of a pencil
or the arm of the glasses is an
unconscious way for someone to calm down
covering their mouth with a few fingers
their whole palm
or their fist is a clear sign that
someone isn't revealing
everything that's on their mind saying
thank you even for the smallest favor
increases the chances that a person will
gladly help you the next time
when someone taps their fingers on
something they're sending a message
that they're growing impatient or tired
wrap up the conversation
asap if a person rubs the back of their
neck
they have doubts either about what
they're hearing or about their own
opinion
someone who's frustrated or feels under
pressure
will pull on their collar when a person
uses their hand to fully support their
head it's a signal that they're bored
but if their hand is just slightly
pressed to their cheek
they're genuinely interested keeping
both hands behind their head is what
people often do
when they think they know something
better than others
hands on hips means i'm ready for
everything
if you don't feel like doing some
important tasks set up a timer and do it
for just
five minutes when the time's up you'll
probably want to continue
if you feel stressed or anxious write
down all your negative thoughts in a
journal to calm down if you can't make a
decision
give yourself fewer choices
if you're intimidated about starting
work on a project
begin with something easy to get the
ball rolling
listen to music while working out it'll
help to increase your endurance
hey let me know in the comments how this
works for you